Feature/user model (#98)
GSA/automate.fedramp.gov: content/documentation/ssp/4-ssp-template-to-oscal-mapping.md

{{</ highlight >}}

---

# User Model

> The user model in a FedRAMP System Security Plan (SSP) is represented in the OSCAL system-implementation assembly. Each user is defined with specific properties that describe their type, privileges, roles, and other key attributes.

Reviewer: I think this is very solid but I like to walk a fine line in the prose (the code is obviously a different story), around how we use OSCAL jargon. I do not want to invoke the style guide, but we can expect the words are for people who do not know what the OSCAL terms mean. This is a proposal and you can say no thanks, up to you.

```suggestion
A FedRAMP System Security Plan (SSP) must document in its description of the system implementation the different kinds of users that interact with the system. For the list of kinds of users, each one must define its respective type, role(s), privilege(s), and sensitively level for how they interact with the system.
```

> A FedRAMP System Security Plan (SSP) must document in its description of the system implementation the different kinds of users that interact with the system. For the list of kinds of users, each one must define its respective type, role(s), privilege(s), and sensitively level for how they interact with the system.

Reviewer: Minor, just merge before approval: I didn't notice this and I may have let this typo creep in during my own review. 🤦 

```suggestion
A FedRAMP System Security Plan (SSP) must document in its description of the system implementation the different kinds of users that interact with the system. For the list of kinds of users, each one must define its respective type, role(s), privilege(s), and sensitivity level for how they interact with the system.
```
